README.md, before:

## TODO: 
- API Key + gitignore + dotenv
- 

## Conversational Agent

The idea of this agent is to sustain live phone calls with a human and satisfy their narrow and immediate goal, given a certain context.
Such an example could be scheduling a meeting on behalf of a company offering X type of consultation (i.e. dental office appointment creation by managing all requirements - checking availabilities, Google calendar invite creation, responding to the human, confirming dates), all through a more complex task such as extracting certain information from some data store (i.e. what is the status of my order?).

### Conversational Agent Components:
Such a Conversational Agent should containt 4 main components: 
1. Speech to Text Mechanism - convert the query from the user to text
2. LLM - given context and the user query, convert the resulting text into a task for the agent
3. Agent mechanism - interpret the user query (from the LLM), and complete resulting task. This may imply multiple subsystems.
4. Text to speech - once we reach an intermediate step or a conclusion, each dialogue phase should be communicated to the user.


### OpenAI API Python
- Repo: https://github.com/openai/openai-python
- Limits for each model: https://platform.openai.com/account/limits. Some relevant pricings:
    - Speech to Text: `Whisper`: $0.006 / minute (rounded to the nearest second)
    - LLM: `gpt-3.5-turbo-0125`: Input: $0.50 / 1M tokens | Output: $1.50 / 1M tokens.
    - Text-To-Speech (TTS):  $15.00 / 1M characters
    - Agent?

Commit message:

Create first Google Cal tools

README.md, after:

## TODO: 
- Schedule event in Google Calendar given a prompt -> langchain tools
    - Read Quickstart Langchain -> understand how to integrate functions/use embeddings
    - Create function (and then tool function) to add event to calendar
    - Also see how we can adapt it to delete event (given confirmation!)


## Conversational Agent
The idea of this agent is to sustain live phone calls with a human and satisfy their narrow and immediate goal, given a certain context.
Such an example could be scheduling a meeting on behalf of a company offering X type of consultation (i.e. dental office appointment creation by managing all requirements - checking availabilities, Google calendar invite creation, responding to the human, confirming dates), all through a more complex task such as extracting certain information from some data store (i.e. what is the status of my order?).

### Conversational Agent Components:
Such a Conversational Agent should containt 4 main components: 
1. Speech to Text Mechanism - convert the query from the user to text
2. LLM - given context and the user query, convert the resulting text into a task for the agent
3. Agent mechanism - interpret the user query (from the LLM), and complete resulting task. This may imply multiple subsystems.
4. Text to speech - once we reach an intermediate step or a conclusion, each dialogue phase should be communicated to the user.


### OpenAI API Python
- Repo: https://github.com/openai/openai-python
- Limits for each model: https://platform.openai.com/account/limits. Some relevant pricings:
    - Speech to Text: `Whisper`: $0.006 / minute (rounded to the nearest second)
    - LLM: `gpt-3.5-turbo-0125`: Input: $0.50 / 1M tokens | Output: $1.50 / 1M tokens.
    - Text-To-Speech (TTS):  $15.00 / 1M characters
    - Agent?
